SECTION 1. GRAMMAR PRACTICE

1.2  Choose the right option

1 He usually has breakfast at 6 a.m.
2 Anyone who smokes 20 cigarettes a day can expect to have health problems.
3 She doesn't like cooking, but today she is baking a pie.
4 I am finishing the project right now.
5 I don’t listen to rock music very often.
6 — What does your sister do?
— She is a programmer.
7 My train leaves at 5.
8 He is never tidying up his room!!!


1.2 Correct the grammar mistakes 

1 Do you usually work on Saturdays?
2 Listen! Somebody's singing.
3 Look! The sun is shining.
4 He does not use his car every day.
5 — Where do you come from?
— I am from Canada.
6 What happened? Why are you crying?
7. She is always saying such silly things!!!
8. I won't go to work on Monday. I'm sick. (in some context WILL is possible)

1.3 Complete the sentences with am/is/are or do/does in positive or negative forms.

1 He is a good musician, but he doesn't perform very often.
2 I don't go to the gym on Mondays because I usually finish my work very late.
3 Please turn off the laptop, you aren't using it.
4 I don't like tea, but today, I'm drinking it.
5 It's dark in your room. Are you sleeping?
6. She came to London to study English. But she (aren't) isn't living in a student residence, she's staying at her aunt's.

SECTION 2. SPEAKING PRACTICE

1.1  Answer the questions. Introduce yourself

1 What's your name?
 Vlad
2 Where do you live?
 Kiev (Ukraine)
3 What do you do?
 I enjoy playing the guitar, video and board games, watching anime. I also like doing sport, but...
4 What do you like doing in your free time?
 On weekends I usually watch series with my gf or meet with my friends to play board games.
 The rest of the time I prefer to devote to studying.
5 Why would you like to be a programmer?
 I'd like to be a programmer because I adore studying
6 What are you working on in the programming course at the moment?
 I'm exploring GIT possibilities and leveling up my leader skills.
7 Did you learn English before?
 Yep, I've been learning it (from) since 2009.
8 Would you like to boost your English?
 Of course, especially speaking speed.
9 What is the hardest thing about learning English?
 Schedule



